Docs: update plugins tutorials (#373)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/shared/create-plugin-backend.md

The Grafana [create-plugin tool](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@grafana/create-plugin) is a CLI application that simplifies Grafana plugin development, so that you can focus on code. The tool scaffolds a starter plugin, all the required configuration, and a development environment using [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) for you.

> 1. <span>In a new directory, create a plugin from a template using the create-plugin tool. When prompted for the kind of plugin, select {props.pluginType}</span> and answer yes to "Do you want a backend part of your plugin?":

Reviewer: Not super important, but it's not a best practice to include HTML elements in markdown. Why are these span tags here? (this question also for subsequent span tags)

Reviewer 2: All `<span>` tags I've added are so that the `{props.pluginType}` correctly updates to i.e. `datasource` when the shared component is referenced like `<CreatePlugin pluginType="datasource" />`. Without them the page just shows `{props.pluginType}`. If there's an alternative I'm unaware of - happy to update.

   ```
   npx @grafana/create-plugin@latest
   ```

> 1. Change directory to your newly created plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the directory to your newly created plugin:
```

Reviewer 2: This doesn't read right to me... I prefer change directory since the command is the same (`cd`). But if we want to change I guess it should be "Go to the directory OF your newly created plugin"

   ```
   cd <your-plugin>
   ```

1. Install the dependencies:

   ```
   npm install
   ```

1. Build the plugin frontend:

   ```
   npm run dev
   ```

1. In a new terminal window, build the plugin backend:

   ```
   mage -v build:linux
   ```

1. Start Grafana:

   ```
   npm run server
   ```

1. <span>Open Grafana, by default <a href="http://localhost:3000/">http://localhost:3000/</a>, and go to <b>Administration</b> -> <b>Plugins</b>. Make sure that your {props.pluginType} plugin is there.</span>

> You can also verify the Plugin has been discovered by Grafana by checking the logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also verify that Grafana has discovered the plugin by checking the logs:
```
